Starting from today
Until the end of the project.
You're here.
Sit for a few more days.
I'm your boss.
Is it reasonable to supervise this work?
It's reasonable.
Umm.
Then I'll pay that money.
I only have one bedroom.
Of course you're next door.
But hey, this is good.
Teasing you, looking makes you nervous.
Sorry, Mr. Guo.
The load-bearing structure of this photo taken by Hui Cong is really too complicated.
We want it to take at least another month to eat.
Where am I going to give you a month?
It's a cold lily month.
And you?
Why isn't there a bridge project yet?
General Manager Guo gave us a little more time.
When we investigate the problem, immediately conduct a public inspection of the fart.
Do you feel Lao Tzu's design drawings are problematic?
I said no problem, no problem.
Three days, finally giving you three days.
After three days, start working for me anyway.
But there's always a problem with this warehouse, I don't care.
If you can't do it, get out.
How is the river crossing project?
Don't worry.
The design problems have been solved.
Within 3 days
I know this is for you with absolutely no problem.
Hey, new moon.
How's the river crossing?
Don't worry, I've solved the problem.
Ready to work now.
I'm about to rest, too.
It's time to go back to the company.